# Aircraft Routing: the Travelling Salesman Problem
In the aviation industry, the routing of airplanes between airports to optimize for some combination
of common constraints (distance, fuel expenditure, et cetera) is of readily apparent interest. 
This can be understood as an instance of the 
[Travelling Salesman Problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Travelling_salesman_problem), for 
which there is no known (exact) classical algorithmic solution with a runtime better than $O(2^n)$.
As such, a variety of approaches can be found in the literature that attempt a general solution,
and which algorithm is employed may vary based on user needs.

In light of these facts, this project is an attempt to provide a user friendly graphical interface that facilitates:
1. Uploading, validating, and conditional processing of user provided
[Comma Separated Value](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc4180.txt) data.
1. User visualization of a graphical representation of the user provided data as well as the optimal paths generated by various algorithmic approaches.
1. Creating rich, interactive, and scaleable image files of the user provided data points and the optimal path generated by a user selected algorithm.
### Website Interface
TODO
### Algorithmic Implementations
TODO
## Contributing
In order to establish consistency among contributors and aid reviewers in evaluating contributions,
below we detail standards to serve these ends.
### Developer Toolchain Setup
Start by familiarizing yourself with the tools employed on this project. Resources for doing so will be provided
in the following sections.
#### Cargo
TODO
#### Web Assembly Packages
TODO
#### Selenium
TODO
#### Cargo LLVM Coverage
TODO
### Opening an Issue/Creating a Branch

### Code Style Guide
TODO
### Commit Style Guide
For this project, we have attempted to follow the guidance expositied by [cbeams](https://cbea.ms/author/cbeams/), which can 
be summarized in the following 7 rules:
1. Separate subject from body with a blank line.
2. Limit the subject line to 50 characters.
3. Capitalize the subject line.
4. Do not end the subject line with a period.
5. Use the [imperative mood](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imperative_mood) in the subject line.
6. Wrap the body at 72 characters.
7. Use the body to explain what the code does and why.

In brief, it is most important to remember that a commit message should be concerned with *justifying* changes, not explaining 
technical implementations details.
### Opening Pull Requests/Merging to `master`
In order to protect the integrety of our deployment codebase, we have restricted direct or forceful pushes to 
the `master` branch. As such, to see your contribution reflected on the `master` branch **ALL** code must undergo review.
Begin by [creating a pull request](https://github.com/CS4091/team-f-boeing-travelling-salesman/pulls), which notifies other
maintainers that there is code that needs review.
#### Code Review
When reviewing another contributor's code, it is advised to run through the following checklist (at a minimum):
- [ ] Pull and checkout the pertinent branch. Attempt to run the code locally in order to verify a lack of 
compliation errors and ensure that any new features work as intended.
- [ ] Manually ensure that any commits and corresponding commit messages adhere to the recommendations outlined above.
- [ ] Run the Rust unit test suite.
- [ ] Run the JavaScript Selenium integration test suite.
- [ ] Run code coverage tests in order to assure that reasonable measures were take to test any new code or 
previously untested code.
- [ ] Run formatting tools to ensure formatting compliance.
- [ ] Manually confirm that reasonable documentation was provided for any new functions, classes, modules, struct, et cetera.

If the code you are reviewing is found to be in violation of these guidelines, ~~take the contributor out back~~
kindly refer the contributor in question to the portion(s) of this document that pertain to your concerns. Keep
in mind that reviews and comments should reflect a certain professional charity, and refrain from personal comments.

Once code receives at least one manual approval, it is acceptable to merge onto the `master` branch.
